body language is most important in body language.
1.Facial expressions, body posture, gestures, eye movement, and space utilization can reveal a lot about a person.
2.By observing people’s postures and gestures, you can read their body language.
3. 1.Eye Contact---A person’s eye contact reveals a lot about them. Those who avoid eye contact, for example, are generally seen as shy or insecure.
4.Facial Expression---Some facial expressions have a great deal of power. A grin, for example, makes any circumstance easier to deal with.
5. For example, during a conversation, a person might actively consider gestures, tone of voice, eye contact, body movement, and the other person’s reaction to these parts of communication. Bringing one’s attention to the current moment and paying attention to facial expressions or posture might help one become more self-aware and interact more effectively with others.
6.Types of Nonverbal Communication
1.Eye contact,--helps regulate the flow of communication. 
2.Facial expressions,--The face is an important communicator. It is commonly said that the face is the index of the mind.Thus, if you smile frequently you will be perceived as more likable, friendly, warm and approachable.


3.Gestures,--If you fail to gesture while speaking, you may be perceived as boring, stiff and un-animated.
4.Posture and body orientation,---You communicate numerous messages by the way you walk, talk, stand and sit.
----------------------------------
Body language is another widely recognized form of non-verbal communication. Body movements can convey meanings and messages. Body language may take two forms of unconscious movements and consciously controlled movements.
For example;

When a person is bored, he may gaze around the room rather than look at the speaker or he may shift positions frequently.

When a person is nervous, he may bite his nails or mash hair. These are usually made unconsciously. On the other hand, leaning forward toward the speaker to express interest is the case of conscious body movements.

